do you want to get free genuine Facebook
likes in 60 seconds well I'm going to
show you how hi guys I'm Ed leak and
this is a really quick Nifty little hack
for Facebook so I'm going to show you an
example here I I promoted this video uh
on Facebook it got 114 engagements and
what I can actually do is Click those
engagements and invite each individual
person who liked that post to like my
page and this is a Nifty little trick
because we find that around 20 to 30% of
people you invite will actually accept
your offer so it's these are free likes
at the end of the day and it doesn't
have to be uh paid promotions these can
be on organic likes as well that you've
naturally acquired so yeah invite people
to your page the worst they can do is
ignore you otherwise it's free likes and
free growth of your Facebook audience
and that's it see you next time cheers